Welcome to the meeting everyone. This is the first meeting for developing our, our new product. I'm Heather, I'm your Project Manager. If everyone could go around and explain their role and, and their name.
My name's Poppy. I'm the Industrial Designer for this project.
My name's Tara and I'm the User Interface Designer. I will also be responsible for the functional design phase, the conceptual design phase and the detailed design phase of the user interface design.
I'm the Marketing Expert.
And tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today,. as well as planning the project,. as a team we're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control. we want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy,. a completely new style, so that,, can really appeal to a, to a generation that doesn't want a simple plain kind of,, channel-changer. And,, it needs to be user-friendly for,, maybe, for an example, for people that,, can't see the numbers as well,. Yes, it's a television remote control. I believe I should be taking minutes on this right now. and then,, after we've brainstormed and, and thought about, we can come together in a meeting and, and discuss what, what, what kind of functional design we want to use. Same with conceptual design and detailed design. And,, as a sort of team-building moment,, I, I'd like us to,, try out the whiteboard by expressing our favourite animal and the charac characteristics of that animal. My favourite animal, which changes all the time, okay,. right now it is an elk. and it, it is my favourite animal right now, 'cause it is a large beautiful majestic creature,. I'm gonna take minutes. while,, you guys express your favourite animals.
Like all sorts of animals, but for the moment I'm gonna draw a cat, in memory of my poor cat that died recently. But I like cats because they're so independent,
I think my favourite animal would be a dog,. I like dogs because,, they're so good to humans,
I'm going to draw a butterfly,. because I saw a butterfly yesterday, that seemed to be like the symbol of Spring arriving.
So, now that we know how to use the whiteboard,. the next,, thing we need to address is our financial department, to meet our our budget,. wanna make this selling price of twenty five Euros. we can like the price to create it will be significantly less. we'd like to, to,, make fifty million Euro. and make it for an international market. we want it to cost,, absolute maximum of twelve Euro and fifty cents.
So we'll have a hundred percent profit then?
So this is time for us to bring our initial ideas, any suggestions that you may have so far,
I find that in the dark it's often hard to know what button you're pushing.
I always find that in our house the remote control always goes missing. So maybe if you could have some kind of. tracking device for the remote control or some signal that you could find out where it was.
Do yous not find that,, like, there's a lot of,, buttons on your remote control, and you don't know what half of them do.
There's some remote controls where there's kind of a hidden panel, so all those buttons that you don't really use unless you're programming or something.
Are we going into kind of novelty factors here. I suppose, if we're he heading to have it, like make a huge profit out of this, it needs to be quite a universally accepted thing.
And the key issue here is, is being trendy and original. like you can go over your ideas, of course, in your own personal times. our next meeting will be in half an hour. You'll be beginning your, your working design. UID the technical functions design will, will be worked on the next thirty minutes. and,, we need the user requirements from the manag. you will get specific instructions,, of what to do in the next half an hour.